With GDP as the dependent variable, the panel data from 2017 to 2023 are selected to analyze the impact mechanism of public cultural service investment on economic growth. Through empirical research, this paper discusses the impact of different policy stimuli on different levels of social development, analyzes the development effects and shortcomings, and puts forward corresponding policy recommendations.
Raw data is derived from the following address: 1. http://tjj.zj.gov.cn/col/col1525563/index.html; 2. https://www.stats.gov.cn/sj/ndsj/;  3. https://www.epsnet.com.cn.

The data contains the following dimensions ：
(1) Participation opportunities. This dimension mainly examines the regional investment level for people to enjoy fair public cultural service opportunities, which is measured by the per capita participation of Zhejiang people in public cultural infrastructure. According to the existing research results, this study selected per capita sports field area and per capita public library collection to measure.
(2) Benefit content. This dimension mainly examines the level of investment in public cultural services that regional people enjoy equally, which is measured by the index of public cultural services expenses per capita enjoyed by people in Zhejiang.
3.Allow variance. This dimension mainly examines the investment level of regional regional consumption differences in public cultural services, which is measured by the difference between urban cultural and educational entertainment consumption and rural cultural and educational entertainment consumption. In this study, the per capita cash consumption expenditure of cultural, educational and entertainment of urban residents and the per capita cash consumption expenditure of rural residents were selected to measure the per capita disposable income of urban residents and the per capita disposable income of rural residents.
(4) Aesthetic improvement. This dimension mainly examines the investment level of regional human capital aesthetic improvement. The number of theaters, the number of performances in art performance venues, the number of performances in art performance groups, and the number of film screenings are selected to measure.
(5) Innovation and improvement. This dimension mainly examines the input level and quality of regional human capital innovation promotion. The number of patents, R&D investment, and the number of scientific and technological academic activities of the association for science and technology were selected to measure.
(6) Cohesion promotion. This dimension mainly examines the investment level of regional public cultural service infrastructure in promoting social cohesion and improvement, measured by the number of free activities and exhibitions for each citizen in the site. The number of exhibitions held by cultural centers (stations), the number of cultural activities organized by cultural centers (stations), the number of training people in cultural centers (stations), the number of exhibitions held by public libraries, and the number of lectures organized by public libraries are selected.
